The Joe Rogan experience.
Check this one out today's paper, uh, front page of USA today,
confessions of a lottery scammer. I brought this along.
I thought it'd be interesting. A lottery scammer. This is a guy, big fat guy,
300 pounds sitting on his in I somewhere who was on his
device, figured out some, a way to intrude on some algorithm.
And he started scamming different states.
He scammed the state of Colorado out of 4.8 million. And,
uh, there he is a, a, a, a total of 16.5 boy. You guys are good.
Uh, 16.5 million. Um, now I'm thinking <affirmative>,
if this guy had scammed, the corporation led by Jose Miguel battle. He,
he he'd be, he'd be dead.
He wouldn't be on the he'd be on the obituary section of.
What he here was never my intent to start a full out ticket scam. <laugh>.
Yeah. Yeah.
He sent us up to 25 years.
You, you could not am organized crime in this way. Well, how do you scam.
Lottery? Like.
You figure out,
you figure out how the number is determined and then you're able to play with
it. You're able to, to play with it. So you an organized crime, you couldn't.
Do that. Well, I don't understand that. How could he, like,
isn't there just a random system, a computer program.
Or something that runs he found? Yeah. He found some way to, to, uh,
to tap into that computer system.
To tap into what I mean to hack into it.
Hack into it and alter and alter the number. Oh.
Yeah.
Wow. That's.
Crazy. Wow. That is crazy. What,
what is fascinating to me is that this what you were talking about earlier,
what we're talking about about like that this was,
it gave them an opportunity for, and that it was a part of the community.
Oh yeah. We're missing that in the west coast, the west coast,
like off track bedding. There's no off track bedding here.
There's a few weirdos that go to the Hollywood park, but that's gone now.
You know? I mean, there's nothing here.
Well, you, the west coast never had this. There's.
Nothing. Yeah. There's nothing like scene that,
like I saw that and I saw what goes with it and it may sound EY
spooky to most people, but it's not EY spooky. The people who are really,
really Sicilian and people who are very Cuban when you're Sicilian
in that culture, there's women that you go to and they tell you things,
they're witches, they're Sicilian, witches, whatever the you want in,
in sleepers, remember he goes, bring the eyeballs to this lady.
What sleepers sleepers is a movie about four Irish kids. That lady was,
but kind of, uh, one, I'm trying to remember that movie.
It's about the four kids to Nero plays. A priest priest met, uh, uh,
Brad pit, Jackie Gleason's grandson.
Okay. There it is.
Levi movie.
And then they,
they got the guy on Letterman and he started backtracking like Steven Segala
by the CIA involvement. Oh really? Yeah. They said he Lorenzo Carty. Yeah.
He later on became.
He said it was a true story and it was not a true story. It.
Was based. But uh, if you look at it,
weren't two or four of those two kids were supposed to grow up to be Westley.
Yeah. But it wasn't, it's. It's. Yeah. Like they, the two other,
the four of those guys, what were we talking about?
<laugh> we were talking about, well, you were talking witches and he, you know,
in the Cuban world, it's the same thing.
I want my kid to go to Catholic school. Right. If I play this number today,
this is gonna save me. We, you know, we don't, when you are a comic,
you have that hope, you know, tonight, I'm gonna go to the improv.
Just SU's gonna be there. Maybe, you know, just may it's, it's a,
but it's a ethnic hope that comes back from your country.
It's hard to describe you understand it because your grandmother was a bookie.
But if you talked to her on a daily basis about it and why she would play that
particular number, like my mom played five 17.
Those were the last three numbers on my dad's gravestone. Mm.
You know, 6 0 4 was some other hallucinogenic she had.
If I go like this, if I go like this and I go, you know what?
You're looking good today. Here, go take a yard, stick. Most Cubans,
look at it and go give $5 on 2 53,
because it's the last three numbers. The 20 you gave me now, is this.
Still going on? Oh yeah. The numbers are.
Still going on. Yeah. Not in a, not as a, not as a 10 man office.
When I was a kid, it was a 10 man office. You were downstairs. You had a bodega.
Me and you ran the bodega. There's two yous.
And yesterday's paper was selling the book of dreams.
And then you come and you gimme 6 0 4, 5 17.
It comes on three sheets of paper with, with copy paper.
So right away, I rip the top one. I give it to you. I keep the other one.
And the other one goes upstairs to the department where now there's a big wall
with zero to nine on the wall. And I park there.
So Joe just came up and played two 19. There's two. And all of a sudden,
there's a list that goes down. I'm a board guy. I just worked the board.
I got six guys with phones, yelling numbers on me. Oh yeah. And Rogan,
just put a hundred dollars on that number. That killed me last week.
That send $50 of that to Miami. Cuz I could unload to create the utopia.
You know, when you, when I take a sports bet, I'm taking 500 on Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh's playing new England.
I can't take 10,000 on Pittsburgh and 5,000 on new England.
That's not called the utopia.
I'm gonna make money on the V the 10 points from you losing.
So if you bet 10,000 on somebody and you bet five, I unload five,
ah, to another bank somewhere across town. So this is how and, and I mean,
when I was a kid,
my mother had a bank in the Bronx and the guy that cooked was black Mike.
He was a Vietnam vet and I was five. And he would gimme 10 bucks to go get him.
Blackberry, Brandy black Mike cooked Italian food.
That was so good. It was 1970.
Even if you hated black weep <laugh> you ate his spaghetti.
Even Italians came to eat his spaghetti on Wednesdays.
He cooked corn beef on Wednesdays. He made Cubans food.
They have an office and every phone has a little tape recorder with a wire
connected to the phone. So you can't call me and say, you played two 18. Yeah,
it's recorded. I bust your head. It's recorded. I play the tape for you.
So every hour the tapes come around and I,
and those get destroyed and those get destroyed the week after or that night
after everything settled.
But to see those offices in action,
when you're a kid and I'm going to get cigarettes and they're giving me a 10 to
go get a $3 pack of cigarette. So I keep seven.
Now, did you ever see the money?
What do you mean? The money? Well, the money that was gathered,
I saw how the money would be taken up. That would be a separate location.
That would be a separate location, counting room. Now there also,
they move locations every week. You also have to stay ahead of the cops.
So every week you got a guy like Joe Rogan, that just rents apartments for me.
So every week we move locations.
So nobody ever gets comfortable with three months at one place.
Then with three months in another place,
then with three months in another place,
because not only do you have to worry about cops, you gotta worry about Jamie.
Get a little cocky. Right?
Jamie found out from Joe di that they make 40,000 a day.
Jamie's gonna go get two guns guy,
go get the two guns and try to go up there and see what happens because they got
two guys on the third floor that just got two guns waiting for idiots like you
to come upstairs to the fourth floor. It was you surreal.
It was surreal. So in the mornings my mom would go, you wanna go?
Or you wanna go with mama to the Mets and go, yeah, I got some going. I go,
I'm going with you because these bookies would all gimme 20, 40 bucks.
It's part of that.
Good. Look now, check this out at the end of the day,
every day that this is going on because betting is going every day,
seven days a week, this system that Joey's talking about. So money's coming in.
Lot, lot of money's coming in. It goes to the counting rooms.
So at the end of the day, you got a lot of money at like two,
300 different locations. All around the New York area.
What they would do is they have people whose responsibility.
It was to come around, collect the money that money would go into a van.
And that van would have a police escort. As it left,
New York city went through the tunnel and in New Jersey,
it was met by New Jersey police who picked it up and escorted it from there
into the apartments or the houses in union city where the money was crazy.
Wow. So the cops got.
Paid. So how can I tell you this? At the age of 10? I knew this,
but I could never tell you cause you wouldn't blame me.
So I gotta keep it to myself. Well,
most of the kids wouldn't be able to shut the up either. Cause I didn't up.
Wouldn't call out to talk about nothing in my world, in my world. I didn't.
When, what were you Saturday? We played handball all day. I,
I had to go to a play with my uncle, but later.
Bronx, you worked for a sports betting place too.
Later on, as I got older, but when I got outta high school,
I was such a loser that I went to hundred 18th street. The guy's name was chair,
Jose Torres. And the son, I went to him like a man.
They were around the block to this guy named Raleigh and Miguel.
And they ran a complete different operation from the corporation.
Raleigh's still around. If I had any balls left,
I'd go put a bullet in Raleigh's head because Raleigh was tight with my mother.
My mother helped get Raleigh started on hundred 18th street.
When my mother died, he got tight with my stepfather.
And when my stepfather died,
he took that money and gave it to my stepfather's sister.
That money belonged to me.
So today I'm still off at Raleigh because when I was a kid,
I saw Raleigh every day. He'd gimme 50 bucks. Every time I went over there,
those guys lived their life on a karma based life.
So whenever they see Joe RO and come here, come here.
You know how many things I did with your father? Come here.
Here's a hundred dollars. Go get your Dick sucked. My mother would,
would drive her crazy. Like how much money did you get today?
200 could gimme 400 of that.
Cause I used to buy knives and stars to throw at people. <laugh> you know,
but that's there where they're very generous, Joe, you know,
you can't do that. When you come over to my, with your daughters. I can't,
first thing is they do is put a 50 in everybody's hand.
So now the girls know whenever they come over, uncle Joey's, they get a 50,
right? So even after you are not around,
they'll come over when they're 14 and they're going to go to Hollywood,
they'll come over by uncle, uncle Joey. When you girls going,
you girls got money. There's 50.
So I people giving me money because it's a karma based business. Hmm.
The more I, my mother would hit the number for 10,000. She'd give away. Really?
Yeah, because that's the generosity part of it.